Updated docs with community section (#72)
neuroinformatics-unit/movement: docs/source/community/roadmap.md

(target-roadmap)=
# Roadmap

The roadmap outlines **current development priorities** and aims to **guide core developers** and to **encourage community contributions**. It is a living document and will be updated as the project evolves.

> The roadmap is **not meant to limit** movement features, as we're open to suggestions and contributions. Join our [Zulip chat](https://neuroinformatics.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/406001-Movement/topic/Welcome!) to share your ideas. We'll take community demand and feedback into account when planning future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roadmap is **not meant to limit** movement features, as we are open to suggestions and contributions. Join our [Zulip chat](https://neuroinformatics.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/406001-Movement/topic/Welcome!) to share your ideas. We will take community demand and feedback into account when planning future releases.
```

- __Interactively visualise pose tracks__. We are considering [napari](https://napari.org/) as a visualisation and GUI framework.
- __Clean pose tracks__, including, but not limited to, handling of missing values, filtering, smoothing, and resampling.
- __Derive kinematic variables__ like velocity, acceleration, joint angles, etc., focusing on those prevalent in neuroscience.
- __Integrate spatial data about the animal's environment__ for combined analysis with pose tracks. This covers regions of interest (ROIs) such as the arena in which the animal is moving and the location of objects within it.
- __Define and transform coordinate systems__. Coordinates can be relative to the camera, environment, or the animal itself (egocentric).

## Short-term milestone - `v0.1`
We plan to release version `v0.1` of movement in early 2024, providing a minimal set of features to demonstrate the project's potential and to gather feedback from users. At minimum, it should include the following features:

> - Importing pose tracks from [DeepLabCut](http://www.mackenziemathislab.org/deeplabcut) and [SLEAP](https://sleap.ai/) into a common `xarray.Dataset` structure. This has been largely accomplished, but some remaining work is required to handle special cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing pose tracks from [DeepLabCut](https://www.mackenziemathislab.org/deeplabcut) and [SLEAP](https://sleap.ai/) into a common `xarray.Dataset` structure. This has been largely accomplished, but some remaining work is required to handle special cases.
```
